docs: Updated provider "render.com" (#2536)
unjs/nitro: docs/2.deploy/20.providers/render.md

:read-more{title="render.com" to="https://render.com"}

## Set up application
## Set up application (Runtime: Node)

1. [Create a new Web Service](https://dashboard.render.com/select-repo?type=web) and select the repository that contains your code.
2. Ensure the 'Node' environment is selected.
3. Update the start command to `node .output/server/index.mjs`

> 4. Click 'Advanced' and add an environment variable with `NITRO_PRESET` set to `render_com`. You may also need to add a `NODE_VERSION` environment variable set to `18` for the build to succeed ([docs](https://render.com/docs/node-version)).

Reviewer: There are reasons we have explicit preset please keep it.

> 3. Update the build command to `npm install; npm run build` (you may replace `npm` with your package manager of choice, e.g. `yarn` or `bun`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Update the build command to `npx nypm install && npm run build`
```

3. Update the build command to `npm install; npm run build` (you may replace `npm` with your package manager of choice, e.g. `yarn` or `bun`)
4. Update the start command to `node .output/server/index.mjs`
5. Click 'Create Web Service'.

## Infrastructure as Code (IaC)
## Set up application (Runtime: Bun)

1. Create a file called `render.yaml` with following content at the root of your repository.

> This file followed by [Infrastructure as Code](https://render.com/docs/infrastructure-as-code) on Render

```yaml
services:
  - type: web
    name: <PROJECTNAME>
    env: node
    branch: main
    startCommand: node .output/server/index.mjs
    buildCommand: npx nypm install && npm run build
    envVars:
    - key: NITRO_PRESET
      value: render_com

> ```

Reviewer: I would keep this as alternative to web UI setup wizard.

> 3. Update the build command to `bun install; bun run build`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Update the build command to `bun install && bun run build`
```
